#for i in `ls *.treefile`;do j="${i%.*}-repl.treefile" && sed -f taxarepl9.txt <$i >$j; done

s/actiCORYd/Corynebacter diphteriae/g
s/actiMYCOt/Mycobacterium tuberculosis/g
s/actiSTREc/Streptomyces coelicolor/g
s/alfaAZOSs/Azospirillum sp. B506/g
s/alfaMAGNm/Magnetospirillum magneticum/g
s/alfaNITRh/Nitrobacter hamburgensis/g
s/alfaRHODs/Rhodobacter sphaeroides/g
s/alfaRICKc/Rickettsia conori/g
s/amoACANc/Acanthamoeba castellanii str neff/g
s/amoDICTd/Dictyostelium discoideum/g
s/amoENTAh/Entamoeba histolytica/g
s/amoFILAn/Filamoeba nolandi/g
s/amoPOLYp/Polysphondylium pallidum pn500/g
s/amoSEXAN/Sexangularia sp. CB-2014/g
s/amoSTYGA/Stygamoeba regulata/g
s/amoVANEL/Vannella/g
s/apiBABEb/Babesia bovis/g
s/apiCHROv/Chromera velia/g
s/apiCRYPm/Cryptosporidium muris/g
s/apiEIMEt/Eimeria tenella/g
s/apiGREGn/Gregarina niphandrodes/g
s/apiNEOSc/Neospora caninum/g
s/apiTHEIe/Theileria equi/g
s/apiTOXOg/Toxoplasma gondii/g
s/apiVITbr/Vitrella brassicaformis/g
s/apiVORp/Voromonas pontica/g
s/archPICRt/Picrophilus torridus/g
s/archPYROa/Pyrobaculum aerophilum/g
s/archSULFt/Sulfolobus tokodaii/g
s/archTHERv/Thermoplasma volcanium/g
s/bcidBACTf/Bacteroides fragilis/g
s/bcidFLAVc/Flavobacterium columnare/g
s/bcidPORPg/Porphyromonas gingivalis/g
s/bcidPREVr/Prevotella ruminicola/g
s/betaBURKc/Burkholderia cenocepacia/g
s/betaCUPRn/Cupriavidus necator/g
s/betaRALSs/Ralstonia solanacearum/g
s/betaVERMe/Verminephrobacter eiseniae/g
s/chlaAMORC/Amorphochlora amoebiformis/g
s/chlaBIGna/Bigelowiella natans/g
s/chlaCHLOR/Chlorarachnion reptans/g
s/chlaLOTam/Lotharella amoebiformis/g
s/chlaLOTgl/Lotharella globosa/g
s/chlaLOTgZ/Lotharella globosa/g
s/chlaLOTHs/Lotharella sp. CCMP622/g
s/chlaLOToc/Lotharella oceanica/g
s/chlaPARTg/Partenskyella glossopodia/g
s/chryCHATs/Chattonella subsalsa CCMP2191/g
s/chryDINOB/Dinobryon sp UTEXLB2267/g
s/chryHETak/Heterosigma akashiwo CCMP3107/g
s/chryOCHRO/Ochromonas sp. CCMP1393/g
s/chryVAUCH/Vaucheria litorea CCMP2940/g
s/cilCLIMv/Climacostomum virens/g
s/cilMESOD/Mesodinium pulex/g
s/cilPARAt/Paramecium tetraurelia/g
s/cilPLATm/Platyophrya macrostoma/g
s/cilPROTa/Protocruzia adherens/g
s/cilPSEUp/Pseudocohnilembus persalinus/g
s/cilSTENc/Stentor coeruleus/g
s/cilTETRt/Tetrahymena thermophila/g
s/crypCHROO/Chroomonas cf. mesostigmatica/g
s/crypCRYpa/Cryptomonas paramecium/g
s/crypCRYPp/Cryptomonas paramecium/g
s/crypGONIp/Goniomonas pacifica/g
s/crypGUILt/Guillardia theta/g
s/crypGUIth/Guillardia theta/g
s/crypPALPb/Palpitomonas bilix/g
s/crypRHODl/Rhodomonas lens/g
s/cyanANABv/Anabaena variabilis/g
s/cyanCROCw/Crocosphaera watsonii/g
s/cyanCYANp/Cyanothece sp. PCC 7425/g
s/cyanLYNGp/Lyngbya sp. PCC 8106/g
s/cyanNODUs/Nodularia spumigena/g
s/cyanPROCm/Prochlorococcus marinus/g
s/cyanSYNEs/Synechococcus sp. PCC 7335/g
s/cyanTHERe/Thermosynechococcus elongatus/g
s/dinALEXa/Alexandrium andersonii CCMP2222/g
s/dinALEXc/Alexandrium catenella OF101/g
s/dinALEXt/Alexandrium tamarense/g
s/dinAMPHc/Amphidinium carterae/g
s/dinCERAf/Ceratium fusus PA161109/g
s/dinCRYPc/Crypthecodinium cohnii WH Provasly-Seligo/g
s/dinCRYPZ/Crypthecodinium cohnii/g
s/dinDURIb/Durinskia baltica CSIRO CS-38/g
s/dinDURIZ/Durinskia baltica/g
s/dinGLENf/Glenodinium foliaceum CCAP 1116-3/g
s/dinGYMNc/Gymnodinium catenatum/g
s/dinHETro/Heterocapsa rotundata SCCAP K-0483/g
s/dinHETtr/Heterocapsa triquestra CCMP 448/g
s/dinKARb/Karenia brevis SP1/g
s/dinKARL/Karlodinium veneficum/g
s/dinKARmi/Karlodinium micrum CCMP2283/g
s/dinKARZ/Karenia brevis/g
s/dinKRYPf/Kryptoperidinium foliaceum/g
s/dinLINGp/Lingulodinium polyedra CCMP 1738/g
s/dinNOCTs/Noctiluca scintillans/g
s/dinOXYma/Oxyrrhis marina/g
s/dinPERKm/Perkinsus marinus/g
s/dinPRORm/Prorocentrum minimum/g
s/dinPYROb/Pyrodinium bahamense/g
s/dinSCRIP/Scrippsiella hangoei/g
s/dinSYMBs/Symbiodinium sp./g
s/eugANGOd/Angomonas deanei/g
s/eugBODOs/Bodo saltans/g
s/eugEUGgr/Euglena gracilis/g
s/eugEUGlo/Euglena longa/g
s/eugEUTc/Eutreptiella gymnastica CCMP1594/g
s/eugEUTn/Eutreptiella gymnastica NIES-381/g
s/eugLEISm/Leishmania major/g
s/eugNEOBd/Neobodo designis/g
s/eugPHYTO/Phytomonas sp isolate em1/g
s/eugTRYPb/Trypanosoma brucei/g
s/excNAEgr/Naegleria gruberi/g
s/excPERco/Percolomonas cosmopolitus ATCC50343/g
s/firmBACIa/Bacillus anthracis/g
s/firmLISTm/Listeria monocytogenes/g
s/firmSTAPa/Staphyllococcus aureus/g
s/funASPEf/Aspergillus fumigatus/g
s/funCRYPn/Cryptococcus neoformans/g
s/funDEBAh/Debaryomyces hansenii cbs767/g
s/funLACCb/Laccaria bicolor/g
s/funNEURc/Neurospora crassa/g
s/funPUCCg/Puccinia graminis/g
s/funSCHIp/Schizosaccharomyces pombe/g
s/gamaSHEWb/Shewanella baltica/g
s/gamaVIBRc/Vibrio cholerae/g
s/gamaYERSp/Yersinia pestis/g
s/glauGLOEw/Gloeochaete wittrockiana/g
s/glauCYApa/Cyanophora paradoxa/g
s/glauCYPTg/Cyanoptyche gloeocystis SAG4.97/g
s/glauGLOwi/Gloeochaete wittrockiana SAG46.84/g
s/grnBATHp/Bathycoccus prasinos/g
s/grnCHLAl/Chlamydomonas leiostraca/g
s/grnDUNAt/Dunaliella tertiolecta/g
s/grnMICpu/Micromonas pusilla CCMP1545/g
s/grnMICRZ/Micromonas pusilla/g
s/grnNEPHp/Nephroselmis pyriformis/g
s/grnOSTRm/Ostreococcus mediterraneus/g
s/grnPICCL/Picochlorum/g
s/grnPICCY/Picocystis salinarum/g
s/grnPOLYp/Polytomella parva/g
s/grnPOLYZ/Polytomella parva/g
s/grnPRASc/Prasinococcus capsulatus/g
s/grnPYRam/Pyramimonas amylifera CCMP720/g
s/grnPYRpa/Pyramimonas parkeae CCMP726/g
s/grnPYRpZ/Pyramimonas parkeae/g
s/grnTETRa/Tetraselmis astigmatica/g
s/grnTETRs/Tetraselmis striata/g
s/grnVOLVc/Volvox carteri f. nagariensis/g
s/hapCALCl/Calcidiscus leptoporus/g
s/hapEXANg/Exanthemachrysis gayraliae/g
s/hapIMANT/Imantonia/g
s/hapISOCHg/Isochrysis galbana/g
s/hapPHEOC/Phaeocystis/g
s/hapPLEUc/Pleurochrysis carterae/g
s/hapPRYMp/Prymnesium parvum/g
s/hapSCYPH/Scyphosphaera apsteinii/g
s/haptEMILh/Emiliania huxleyi/g
s/haptEMIZ/Emiliania huxleyi/g
s/haptPLEUc/Pleurochrysis carterae/g
s/haptPRYMp/Prymnesium parvum Texoma1/g
s/hetPERCO/Percolomonas cosmopolitus/g
s/kytAMBOt/Amborella trichopoda/g
s/kytARABt/Arabidopsis thaliana/g
s/kytGLYCm/Glycine max/g
s/kytHORDv/Hordeum vulgare/g
s/kytORYZs/Oryza sativa Japonica/g
s/kytPHYSp/Physcomitrella patens/g
s/kytSELAm/Selaginella moellendorffii/g
s/kytSOlyc/Solanum lycopersicum/g
s/kytZEAma/Zea mays/g
s/metANOLc/Anolis carolinensis/g
s/metCAENe/Caenorhabditis elegans/g
s/metDAPHp/Daphnia pulex/g
s/metHELOr/Helobdella robusta/g
s/metLOTTg/Lottia gigantea/g
s/metNEMAv/Nematostella vectensis/g
s/metSCHIm/Schistosoma mansoni/g
s/metSTROp/Strongylocentrotus purpuratus/g
s/metTRICa/Trichoplax adhaerens/g
s/opiACANT/Acanthoeca/g
s/opiMONbr/Monosiga brevicollis/g
s/opiMONOb/Monosiga brevicollis/g
s/opiSALPr/Salpingoeca rosetta/g
s/redCHONc/Chondrus crispus/g
s/redCOMPS/Compsopogon caeruleus/g
s/redCYANm/Cyanidioschyzon merolae/g
s/redERYTa/Erythrolobus australicus/g
s/redERYTa/Erythrolobus australicus/g
s/redERYTm/Erythrolobus madagascarensis/g
s/redERYTm/Erythrolobus madagascarensis/g
s/redGALDs/Galdieria sulphuraria/g
s/redMADAe/Madagascaria erythrocladioides/g
s/redMADAe/Madagascaria erythrocladioides/g
s/redPORae/Porphyridium aerugineum SAG 1380-2/g
s/redPORae/Porphyridium aerugineum/g
s/redPORpu/Porphyra purpurea/g
s/redRHOma/Rhodella maculata CCMP736/g
s/redRHOSO/Rhodosorus marinus/g
s/redTIMSP/Timspurckia oligopyrenoides/g
s/rhiAMMOs/Ammonia sp./g
s/rhiAMMOZ/Ammonia sp./g
s/rhiELPHm/Elphidium margitaceum/g
s/rhiMINch/Minchinia chitonis/g
s/rhiPARTg/Partenskyella glossopodia RCC365/g
s/rhiPAULc/Paulinella chromatophora/g
s/rhiPLASb/Plasmodiophora brassicae/g
s/rhiROSAL/Rosalina/g
s/rhiSORIT/Sorites sp./g
s/strALBUl/Albugo laibachii/g
s/strAPHAi/Aphanomyces invadans/g
s/strAPLAN/Aplanochytrium/g
s/strAURAl/Aurantiochytrium limacinum/g
s/strAURAZ/Aurantiochytrium limacinum/g
s/strAUREN/Aureococcus anophagefferens/g
s/strAUREE/Aureococcus anophagefferens/g
s/strAUREa/Aureococcus anophagefferens/g
s/strAUREl/Aureoumbra lagunensis/g
s/strBICOS/Bicosoecida sp. CB-2014/g
s/strBLASh/Blastocystis hominis/g
s/strBOLID/Bolidomonas/g
s/strBOLIp/Bolidomonas pacifica/g
s/strCAFro/Cafeteria roenbergensis/g
s/strCAFsp/Cafeteria/g
s/strCAFca/Cafeteria str Caron/g
s/strCHATs/Chattonella subsalsa/g
s/strCHRRH/Chrysoreinhardia/g
s/strCYLIN/Cylindrotheca closterium/g
s/strDETON/Detonula confervacea/g
s/strDICTY/Dictyocha speculum/g
s/strDINOB/Dinobryon/g
s/strDITYL/Ditylum brightwellii/g
s/strECTsi/Ectocarpus siliculosus/g
s/strEXTUs/Extubocellulus spinifer/g
s/strFRAGk/Fragilariopsis kerguelensis/g
s/strHETak/Heterosigma akashiwo/g
s/strMALLO/Mallomonas/g
s/strNANNg/Nannochloropsis gaditana B31/g
s/strNITZs/Nitzschia/g
s/strOCHRO/Ochromonas/g
s/strODONa/Odontella aurita/g
s/strPARAb/Paraphysomonas bandaiensis/g
s/strPELAG/Pelagomonas calceolata/g
s/strPHAtr/Phaeodactylum tricornutum v3/g
s/strPHEOM/Phaeomonas parva/g
s/strPHYpa/Phytophthora parasitica/g
s/strPHYra/Phytophtora ramorum/g
s/strPINGU/Pinguiococcus pyrenoidosus/g
s/strPTERd/Pteridomonas danica/g
s/strPYTHu/Pythium ultimum var. sporangiiferum BR650/g
s/strPYTHv/Pythium vexans/g
s/strRHIZC/Rhizochromulina marina/g
s/strSAPRd/Saprolegnia diclina/g
s/strSKEco/Skeletonema costatum/g
s/strSTAUR/Staurosira/g
s/strSYNCR/Synchroma pusillum/g
s/strTHAps/Thalassiosira pseudonana/g
s/strTHNEM/Thalassionema frauenfeldii/g
s/strTHNEn/Thalassionema nitzschioides/g
s/strTHRAU/Thraustochytrium sp./g
s/strTHTRX/Thalassiothrix antarctica/g
s/strVAUCl/Vaucheria litorea/g